[DOCS-93] Update when we support pentest reports (#102)
cobalthq/cobalt-product-public-docs: content/en/Getting started/What to Expect/_index.md

   However, we report _all_ findings. For more information, see the following blog post
   on how you can [Customize Your Pentest
   Reports](https://cobalt.io/blog/cobalt-platform-deep-dive-customize-your-pentest-reports-per-your-needs).

> 1. <a id="report-timing">Within days, our pentesters share a formal report.

Author: ```suggestion
1. <a id="report-timing">Within a few days, our pentesters share a formal report.
```

> 1. <a id="report-timing">Within days, our pentesters share a formal report.

Author: ```suggestion
1. <a id="report-timing">Within a few days, our pentesters share a formal report.
```

> 1. <a id="report-timing">Within a few days, our pentesters share a formal report.

Author: ```suggestion
1. <a id="report-timing">Based on your Service Level Agreement, our pentesters then share a formal report.
```

> 1. <a id="report-timing">Within a few days, our pentesters share a formal report.

Author: ```suggestion
1. <a id="report-timing">Based on your Service Level Agreement, our pentesters then share a formal report.
```

> 1. <a id="report-timing">Within days, our pentesters share a more formal pentest report.

Author: Added to support a link from Slack. Otherwise, the link starts with "Step 1", and readers might not see when we'd share the "more formal pentest report"
